You slept with the young master of a rich family
10 million
I am your father
What if I gamble you millions?
Hey
No money anyway
Bring a drink and go to bed?
I have something I will kill you I will kill you
I can't kill you and me
I know you're back.
If you don't want me to go to the hospital to find your daughter
Then get back here
Xiaoxi, you are finally back.
What are you hiding from?
You didn't support me all these years
I haven't settled the bill for you yet.
Humph
Why don't you appreciate it if I treat you better?
Why did you call me back?
I heard you are rich
Can you help me pay the bill?
I've helped you pay off 10 million gambling debts
What did you say last time?
bastard
I am your father
What's wrong with spending your money?
It's natural
I have been going abroad these years to eat and drink spicy food
Leave Lao Tzu to suffer in the country
Do you have a good conscience?
I have no money, no money
No money
Then you sell it.
Didn't you sell 10 million five years ago?